Amend bylaws to handle Oracle's absence from the table. (#347)
aalmiray/java-champions: site/content/bylaws.adoc

A Group member nominates an individual by submitting the nomination form. The nomination form is created and maintained by the Group. The nomination requires both a nominator and a co-nominator.

=== Section 4: Discussion Period

> Once a nomination has been submitted and processed by Oracle's Java Champions Team, or seven days after the submission

Reviewer: Why 7 days? This may be too short of a period considering people may be on holidays or absent for other reasons. Where's the urgency? I'd suggest a different time period, like 3 or 4 weeks.

Author: Changed to 2 weeks.

> if Oracle has not responded, the nomination will be announced on the Group Mailing List. This initiates a two-week discussion period during which Group members can discuss the candidate without voting.

Reviewer 2: Should we use the same wording here too?
```suggestion
if Oracle's Java Champion Team has not responded, the nomination will be announced on the Group Mailing List. This initiates a two-week discussion period during which Group members can discuss the candidate without voting.
```

The purpose of the discussion period is raise any concerns about the candidate, and facilitate discussions and/or the shifting of opinions without committing to a vote. This process also helps keeping the voting period purely for voting on a candidate instead of discussing the candidate's merits and/or shortcomings.

=== Section 5: Voting Period

> After the discussion period, a two-week voting period begins. The start of the voting process is announced via an email from Oracle's Java Champions Team or, if Oracle were non-responsive on the Discussion Period, by the submittor, creating a voting email thread. Group members vote on the Mailing List by replying to the thread, using "+1" for approval, "-1" for disapproval, and "0" for non-commitment.

Reviewer: There's another administrative issue that's not reflected in this doc: what happens when a candidacy is successful? For now the admins (Oracle) follow a given process of notifying the nominee and sending them some swag. What happens when the admins can't perform these tasks?

Where's the list of steps to be followed?
Which documents should be sent to a candidate? Links?
What to do with the swag? Will it be shipped later when the admins are back in the driving seat?

If none of these are defined then anything could and will happen.

Author: The bylaw does not specify that Oracle is required to notify, so in their absence, the submittor is welcome to do the notification. As far as the swag, if Oracle isn't available, that can be postponed and hopefully "will be shipped later" as you say.

Reviewer: Correct. There's no specification on what tasks are and should be performed by the admins. That is my point. 

If anyone from the group should take on what the admins cannot do, then they should know everything that must be done (prescriptive) and what could be done (optional, contextual).

I'd suggest moving this conversation to the mailing list.
